- [Instructor] Now let's implement a use case
using the @ModelAttribute annotation.
And what is the use case that we're going to implement,
let's look at that.
So let's say you are on the home page
you're going to click on the login link,
that log in link should take the user to the login page.
And that login page will have a register user link.
When we click on that
then we will display the registration page for the user
and then we can do the rest of the flow
from the registration page.
So for that the steps begin with adding login.jsp
and register.jsp to the project.
So in your resources folder,
you already have those available with you.
So let's go to the resources folder.
So register.jsp and login.jsp, both of them let's copy
and come back to IDE and paste them under the jsp folder.
So we have the login and the register.jsp both available
now as a part of the project.
Next is you have to add a route in HomeController
to go to login.jsp and register.jsp
and map them to respective pages.
What this means is if you see h plus application
we have a link to login here.
So the way we added a url mapping for the search hyperlink
similarly we're going to add one for login.
Once we go to the login page,
we will want to add one more for the registration page.
So let's do all of that, let's come back to our IDE,
HomeController and let's add another mapping.
So I'm just going to copy lines 15 to 19.
Paste them on line 21 and this time let's say go to login.
Let's get the same name to the method
and this time it is going to be the login page
that we're going to go to.
Similarly, let's also grab this method again,
lines 21 to 25 and put that on line 27.
This is another one which is going
to take us to the registration page.
So let's amend that, give the same name to the method
and this time it is to register page
and the name of the view is register
because the jsp template is register on jsp.
So we have added two handler mappings,
one for the login page, the other one for the register.
We also have to make sure
that we map them to respective pages,
that is very important.
So let's grab this url pattern,
go to login and go to our index page,
and if you see on line 18 there is a hyperlink
that we have provided for the login link.
So I'm just going to paste that pattern there.
In addition to that if you go on login jsp,
if you look there, you have on line number 41,
a hyperlink which will take you to the registration page.
So this href that we have to modify
is basically trying to grab the route from HomeController
which is this on line number 27, copy that.
Come back to login and make sure that you paste this here.
So now we have linked the pages,
from home we went to login
from login we went to registration.
So that's the basic thing that we set up.
The next one is create a RegistrationController
and add mapping for registering user.
So once the user is on the registration page,
the user will enter a lot of criteria, a lot of form fields.
And then we will hit a request to a controller
to save that data.
So let's add a controller,
let's go to the controller's package.
Say new java class and label this as RegistrationController
let me spell that correctly, registration.
So this is a controller again so we have to make sure
that we annotate it correctly.
And this time this is going
to register the user information.
So I do not want to have a get mapping
because the form is going
to be submitted to the server site
which means it has to be a post mapping
because it's user sensitive information coming in that form.
So we don't want to get,
this time we'll have a post mapping.
Define a url pattern, register user and as usual say public.
String register user, this will be camel case,
make sure that you follow the conventions right.
Let's put a sys out say in registration controller
and for now let's return to login.
So what this means is that once the user
completes the registration,
you can take him or her back to the login page
so that if she wishes to login she can.